I'm at a stage where I'm like I really
want to turn it around I really want
Ivan and I really want to get to
playoffs anyway and yeah free six right
now so it's not hopeless it's hard but I
think we can still make it
it's the fifth week of na LCS with
covers presented by Omni slash I'm
joined right now by power V we'll talk
about your drought breaking win I guess
you guys had a bit of a loose streak
there five games what what happened why
TSM why was it at situation where TSM
loses to you well I think we got an
insanely good draft especially for me I
got Victoire against Gallo which is a
really easy matchup I'm taking the
captaincy just rising up farming against
him just making money from him you know
taking his money away from him and then
I have like I have legit know Fred on me
they had Pharaohs ultimate but I've
cleans and besides that they attic since
our I feel like if they took the camel
then I would have been a little bit more
scary by ref Dixon dollar
I felt like the game was really free and
I just told my team to just wait
lady game slow we're gonna be anonymous
and so you just want it and draft it
sounds like I feel like he wanted Jeff
really hard was that in your mind was it
because of like some master draft from
optic or is that like TSM just not
knowing how to draft right well maybe
they prepared that and they didn't
expect the victor or something I just
read you can never tell but I believe I
think they fucked up draft okay yeah
what is going on behind the scenes at
optic I imagine I don't want to imagine
I try to I sometimes I think and I'm
like that must be must be rough over
there because there's always the teams
that are struggling and you know that as
great as it feels to be on top it feels
ten times worse to be struggling down at
the bottom well yeah I know if you guys
saw the akkadian be locked but it's kind
of sad
since when you're a pro and you
purchased a whole week to compete at LCS
and then you're just keep losing and
losing and as I think it's for me and
Matt even a little bit more since we had
a like this spring split and we just
kept losing every game and we never had
a 200 a week it's like it gets smaller
faster
and you're like trying to fix the
mistakes but na na LCS players are
learning really slow and they're pretty
bad no I could see you're already
planning your exit from the NA LCS
you're like oh yes the NA LCS players
they're the ones that are bad
no jokes aside it's like we just didn't
in Sweden we just didn't find the right
synergy and I was just like no team
color and now in summer spirit we're
doing better but we are not progressing
the basic game knowledge fast enough I
feel like so there's a lot of games we
lose because we are not confident since
the practice in scrims it's not good
enough maybe people are not taking it's
used enough maybe people don't give an
obscene effort but I emphasized a lot
that everyone needs to give 120 percent
now in every game every scheme game
because you're kind of down there and
the whole riot and I know a lot of my
past experiences especially in origin
2016 that if you're in the hole and not
every player commits and goes that extra
mile
you're gonna stay on the bottom and
you're gonna start flaming each other
you're gonna start doubting your
teammates stop trusting your teammates
and that's why I just kept reminding
everyone every day that like guys we
need to like just give everything and go
for the place and I think Zeb had a good
speech today as well they just said like
we should have fun and we should just
like go for the game-winning play every
time I just like don't regret the game
and I think it helped us today a lot how
has there been a point in time where
you're like why did I come to this shit
region no but it's like it's funny
because people are still mad at me after
like it's splitting how people I still
like every time every time I'm losing
it's like man you deserve this you know
but like at the same time but I already
said like in a lot of different
interviews I feel like a team it is on
paper good it's not necessarily good a
team it is on paper bad isn't
necessarily bad it comes down on if the
players are committed to learn if the
players are like if it's just a good
chemistry between the players and if you
wanna have fun and like you you want to
win right so
I don't really understand people who are
getting mad it's still at me at the same
time no I'm actually pretty happy the
lifestyle is pretty nice I feel like all
NASD spirits are pretty chill actually
and it's obviously the people who trash
talk but that's fine that's that's an
every region and I'm used to more any
use so it's like the skaters trash told
me man and you I would have getting
thrashed out ten times worse you know
you use a little little toxic speaking
of toxic EU players bunch of your
friends came over for rift rivals and
these guys like they actually been
talented I saw I saw
not just on Twitter but my interviews to
like like yang Coast is just like yeah
like there's just no good practice for
us here you know like just really
aggressive but one of the things that is
so funny is as much as they were they
were saying bad things about the region
they like love la they just they think
like they think it's like vacation being
an LCS pro here because they're like the
weather so foot good and the food is so
good it's so chill so the studio is so
good just a man it's so insanely the
food yeah that like they told me
everything is on and I think I think
they probably assume like you're just
over here chilling out having a good
time eating amazing food loving the
weather relaxing at the luxurious
five-star na LCS studio did you get that
sense from them at all that they think
of you that way no I don't I think for
me they don't have that sense since I
feel like every pro knows that if you're
losing a lot and if you having a bad
time and a team like if it just goes
downhill all the time you're gonna have
a bet you gonna have a bad time like you
can try to take it relaxed or and the
decide keep losing well you're gonna try
to keep give everything and you try to
turn it around right I think I'm not at
the stage where I'm like yeah it's
fucking doomed I'm not gonna practice
anymore that much I'm just gonna chill
I'm at a stage where I'm like I really
want to turn it around I really want
oven and I really want to get your
playoffs anyway and yeah free six right
now so it's not hopeless it's hard but I
think we can still make it
what do you think of their their sense
that like life over here is almost too
easy and it just makes everyone too
comfortable that's a always listing that
is one of the reasons why NL
yes might be behind is that like life
over here is just too too much like
vacation I feel like it's more the
brooch on practice I feel like people
are doing a lot of mistakes in scrims
which they wouldn't do on LCS and that
ruins a lot of your practice team and
individual practice and when you pointed
out actually they admit their mistake
it's not like any I suspect like nah man
it's not my mistake they're like yeah it
is actually really bad I'm sorry but
then they're gonna do the same mistake
next game again so like I feel like this
I said as a joke like they kind of slow
it learning so I don't know if they're
like they don't give fun a percent
effort in scrims or if they're like they
would tire to like a really random shit
and then there would be like man this
wouldn't happen in a real game let's
remake the game you know it's like I
think like it's more maybe the mindset
and attitude but I think it's getting
better
like for like especially from spring to
summer I think every team progress and
that for sure do you think so because I
feel like all the teams are way worse
than summer like at least yeah in summer
than spring cuz like at least then we
had like a couple of top teams like
people looked at echo fox hundred
thieves team like quit and they're like
oh man these guys are so good right and
now I just look at everybody I'm like
man who knees just an ting like hundred
thieves is like making crazy roster
trades and like trying to figure their
stuff out Team Liquid you just flip a
coin and you either get the worst team
in the league or the best I think it's
like sitting straight it's normally like
them all the teams are getting new
newly-created right and then the teams
who fit together at the start and
they're gonna win the first games done
the honeymoon phase I feel like they're
doing really good and they're gonna
destroy the other teams especially like
a fox right and I feel like now slowly
every team is getting more smart
finding together and maybe struggling
even because it's like longer into the
season riot I feel like this is too big
a struggle that like in summer split
teams who were really good and who
improved throughout the spring suit are
really damn good and I think you can see
this clearly at misfits they vent eight
players spring split and I did pretty
damn poo I would say but now I think
they just they took all this time to
improve individually and as a team every
day and I think they gave all
therefore right and now in summer split
they're like nine one day destroying
everyone because they're just on the
same page and I guess they just give
every time hang up a sign and screams
and even so it didn't work out and
spring split because maybe they didn't
find the right crew the right wave as a
team they have it now and they're gonna
do that they're gonna keep destroying
people I feel like a lot of people here
you see like give a hundred percent in
scrims and it sounds like such a cliche
right like as if that's just something
that people say but you obviously think
that in scrims a lot of times people are
not giving as much as they can they're
not as focused they're not trying to
learn as much they're not practicing as
hard yeah I think so yeah and inside
across all the different teams mm-hmm I
think it depends from each player two
player I feel like it's especially since
teams have Academy teams here and you
LCS I would say players are getting
really fat like I would say it players
in the u.s. yes I really direct she was
doing Sharon's in review you're getting
screamed at you're gonna get flamed by
the coaches ever by your diff by your
teammates right he had small like damn
and it's going to be good you injured
really hard to last game but you have to
create trust me it was like it's like
you're treating them more nicely I would
say and that is good like like it's like
it goes both ways right if you like
flaming guy and he's like taking the bad
and he's losing his confidence it's
really terrible right but at the same
time you shouldn't treat him too nicely
as well because if he that's the same
mistake every day in every game it's
like really bad for purchase as well so
you need to find a good balance and I
would say it's not that easy like but
that's why you have coaching staff right
yeah it's weird to hear you say that
North America seems to be more relaxed
or whatever because I think historically
a lot of people say North America
especially Americans a little more
productive than Europeans you know you
guys take like five weeks of vacation
this is like a thing that's true that's
true it can't deny that on we're just a
more productive country so I don't know
why we're not being more productive in
scrims I don't know what's going on
there so anything you want to say to any
of the fans out there well I'm pretty
happy for everyone who still supports my
team on me especially my German fans so
like the legit supporting me every day
and writing a nice messages on Twitter
and stuff so thank you guys all and hope
you guys keep doing
of us thank you so much for the
interview power of evil if everyone else
you can check out the rest my coverage
of all thinks eSports right here on my
youtube channel I want to thank only
slash so much for the support of my
content there on a train right now a
train that you could be on and that's
the Travis trained to get on that train
subscribe to the YouTube channel hit up
my twitch we're stopping at all the
different stops alright this is a train
and it's going what's going far so get
on the train and ride it ride that
Travis train